[Mapping] - CRTX-164832 - Atlassian Confluence Cloud (#40791)
demisto/content: Packs/AtlassianConfluenceCloud/ReleaseNotes/1_1_4.md

#### Modeling Rules

##### New: Atlassian Confluence Modeling Rule

> - New: Added a new Modeling Rules for Atlassian Confluence that supports audit events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new modeling rule for Atlassian Confluence Cloud that supports audit events.
```

#### Parsing Rules

##### New: Atlassian Confluence Parsing Rule

> - New: Added a new parsing rule- Atlassian Confluence Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new parsing rule for Atlassian Confluence Cloud.
```
